Jen: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, make it a little note open for us keep track of what we're doing. Um, but I can certainly listen also
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What's kind of going on in your life these days.
Jen: Um, things are gearing up to get very busy.
Jen: The play that I'm directing we begin rehearsals, a week from Sunday.
Jen: And so that's like slowly like starting to become more like because I'm the director. So I'm starting to get questions more like I just did an interview with this.
Jen: Journalist LAST NIGHT FOR THE ALBUQUERQUE arts magazine in Santa Fe.
Jen: And who I love, she's a talking Broadway reviewer.
Jen: So I've, you know, we've crossed paths for like the past decade. And so it was really cool that she reached out to me about it. Um, and the play is. It's called actually
Jen: By an on an animal Ziegler um and it's about sexual assault on a college campus and it, it is between an African American man and a Jewish woman and
Jen: It is just those two characters doing like monologues to the audience and then scenes with each other. And it's intense it totally brings up how
Jen: You know his experiences a black man in the US and just like a man in a patriarchal society and how like his experience goes into what happened that night, and it also her experience as well and
Jen: It's just, it's intense but it's such a beautiful fragile delicate complicated story and I am so excited about it like it's such a passion project that
Jen: So that's really cool.
Jen: But I'm also feeling just because when I have rehearsal and work.
Jen: It's just kind of hellish for about five weeks of my life.
Jen: Because it's just you know going to work all day and then going directly to rehearsal. So I'm usually doing like 10 to 13 hour days depending on how much I work that day, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: How does that impact.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, food intake emotional eating exercise regimen. Like, how does that impact the things that have been kind of working for you.
Jen: What God such good questions and I am really glad because that's why I really wanted to kind of talk about this today.
Jen: Because it usually like it results in usually like I don't eat all day at all.
Jen: So I get to some point in the day where I feel like nauseated. And I have a headache and I feel like I'm going to fall down and I don't know why. And I'm like, oh, it's because you have not eaten.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Jen: And then exercise goes out the window as well because I'm just tired all the time.
Jen: Although to be honest exercise hasn't been a consistent part of my life for a while. So I think now that it is I get to kind of see
Jen: How I do that. But basically, I'm, I'm trying to just come up with like very regimented scheduled weeks, especially when it comes to food specifically like I really want to dedicate my Sundays. Unfortunately, Mondays. So they have Monday off during the day, which is wonderful.
Jen: For doing like meal prep.
Jen: Which are things that I've
Jen: heard people talk about and watch on YouTube.
Jen: Been sent you know articles.
Jen: I've referred to many times but have honestly like never done with real intention. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So as I can certainly tell you it works.
Gwenevere Abriel: It works.
Jen: And that's where I want like I want so bad to just go to the refrigerator and like grab it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jen: And I know what it is. And it is exactly what I need to nourish me and yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm not a nutritionist or anything, but you know it being a parent in a pretty large family. Typically when there's a window of, hey, I have good energy I I've kind of thought about
Gwenevere Abriel: For me it's about two or three meals. So let's say you know I caught I shop at Costco. So there's huge chunks of this these portions are huge.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's this huge amount of chicken and in one setting. So let's say you know actually Sunday I made chicken cordon bleu chicken.
Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I put cream cheese and using
Jen: Laura.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right in the Swiss so that's already made but I already have the chicken out my answer gooey. So then I make the chicken parm basically behaves the same way. And now I have these two things.
Gwenevere Abriel: One of them is frozen, which can actually be portion, because there's so much and it's just to you. All right. Yeah, but you also might be thinking, if you're not bothered by eating the same food. You also have lunch. Once it's prepared you have for lunch and
Gwenevere Abriel: I find the vegetables, don't, don't really bode well to freezing. And so, that tends to be on the fly. Yeah, but, um, you know, if song. If you're open to little Leafy, let us things or
Jen: We my husband and I did the jar salads for a while and they're phenomenal. I don't know if you're familiar
Gwenevere Abriel: Look that up. It's so cool. So you get you have like a mason jar.
Jen: And you put the dressing on the very bottom, and then you follow it with like
Jen: Cheese or girl bonds or beans or something like that, followed by like onions, followed by like cucumbers, like the denser things and then when you have like the greens at the very top price. And so then, like you just take it with you and you shake
It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Jen: Just fan of shaking salad because it's the perfect way to dress your salad perfectly
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh, yeah, I love that. I'm going to give them
Gwenevere Abriel: A TRY. So now, it happens to be. I have this huge Tupperware and I already have cut up
Gwenevere Abriel: When I do is I use a when you call those things, it's blood, not a blender. But chops everything. It's a chopper so
Jen: Yeah, I'm familiar, it's like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so I do carrots cabbage. I'll put some sweet onion in there and
Gwenevere Abriel: And then some of the mixed greens. I'm you know maybe it's kale or whatever it is. So it's all chopped up and it's in this huge thing. So when I walk in, when you say your, your jar. It could just be scoop and plop in data.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's already prepared it will last a week. It doesn't get frozen. Here's cabbage sweet victory. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I add I put in on my own later because it's shared with other people. I put in the tomato or I use almonds, some people
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't like them soggy. So I don't put them in there. I'm not fun. I'm not a fussy person. So it doesn't matter. But the idea is it's already in there. And then I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: At a you know when kids are coming home or whatever I've put it in the oven, it's cooking is prepared and maybe, you know, oh, I'm here real quick. I'll steam something up or I've got this rice cooker and then I've got the rice gone
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but mainly it's the meat that is the prep thing and it's it's a fun thing I make sure you know this might be time where we play and we hang out, we do it together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or I've got. MUSIC PLAYING So I make it a fun experience. It's not a yucky one. Definitely. Yeah, what would work for you. You think
Jen: Of i've been i've been kind of making notes as you as you spoke. Um, I definitely I this weekend I intended to purchase Tupperware
Jen: Because we're at a point in our Tupperware where we have like for their oddly shaped and it's wrong. And I want to have, like, yeah, I want it to be like a very neat and organized like ready to go. So I think that I want to do that initially and then, um,
Jen: I really liked the idea of the the greens like especially if it's something that like holds up over
Jen: Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And peppers, see the yellow and red bell peppers. Hold up. So you blend those in there and basically my salad is they're all these tiny little bits.
Jen: That is so helpful though because of my structure like it because raw vegetables are really hard. And so I think I want because maybe I can get a bullet. I think that's what you're talking about.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like that. I have a, it's a food that food processor. I happen to have one I fell in love with this. The second one I bought
Gwenevere Abriel: A it's a food processor. Yeah. And so you just it just shops it into these little bits. Yeah, goes a lot faster. I used to cut it by hand. And no, I don't. And then I put in
Gwenevere Abriel: So the nuts. Cover the protein because if it's a, yeah. You don't want to risk maybe out
Gwenevere Abriel: Without being cold or something I don't put meat and and I'll just put my protein will be in the nuts. I might glob a little bit of hummus in there. I might put
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of the dried cranberries. Okay. Yeah. So it's basically a taste explosion. There's so many different tastes going all over in there. No. Totally, yeah. And it stays interesting but I'm not a fussy. Like, I don't care if I eat the same thing. Like it doesn't bother me so
Jen: I am the same way. Yeah, as if my husband. God I adore that about him like he really, he will eat anything
Jen: Prepared and put in front of him. He's like, awesome.
Jen: I love even more about him is that if it's vegetarian or vegan. He's more excited
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh, yes.
Jen: Yeah, so that's awesome. I think that that's also something that I'm struggling with I. We had a very, uh, I wouldn't even call it a fight over the weekend. I like had an explosion. I would say like intense
Jen: And
I realized that
Jen: I had kind of been letting some things go from him for a while. As far as like, just like tones, he would take with me or like him slacking on like the household stuff and it kind of resulted in a
Jen: He just said, this one comment, um, because I was scrolling through I was looking at someone's Twitter feed and they were just being trolled so hard.
Jen: I hadn't really seen it, something like that. Like, I've seen you know Twitter threads where someone is you know trolled by someone who, it does not agree, for lack of a better word, but it
Jen: And, you know,
Jen: It obviously happens I'm not an idiot. Um, but this was particularly intense and I said something like, wow, I like push it away. And he was like, what, and I was just like, just she's getting trolled. He was like, yeah, like first time here.
Jen: And it was it was three words. It was three words.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here with that what happened.
Jen: So I was just like,
Jen: I just felt so pissed. I felt like it was so loaded. I felt like he was, you know, just making this comment, and I think it goes back to, because it's a it's a theme that has gone on our relationship.
Jen: Since the beginning of it really is that he he's a very, very politically informed person and gets very irritated that everyone else is not as informed as him nor cares to be as informed as him and I actually am a person who cares to be very informed and
Jen: So the way it feels is that sometimes it feels like he's loving me in with
Jen: Everyone else who is wildly uninformed, it doesn't care because I'll say something off the cuff that seems indicative of something here, if that makes sense. And so
Jen: He said, Those three words, he just said for some here and I
Jen: I gave it a little bit and I was just silent. And then I said, I am struggling. Like, I think he tried to like like make conversation with me as if, as if everything was fine. And I turned, and he said, I'm not okay and I'm playing with your use of the phrase first time here.
Jen: I was great call was very direct.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh. Okay, then what
Gwenevere Abriel: If there's an explosion. I'm curious to see how it gets there.
Jen: Well, that was what was hard is that he was like, what
And I said,
Jen: Let's just fit. What were you trying to communicate to me in that moment.
Jen: That's where I was like, what were you trying. He's like oh my god I I don't fucking know I it was annoying. I was like, I mean, obviously. And I was like, right, right. I get it. So when you chose to use the phrase first time here.
Jen: Like, were you holding your love for me at the center of that phrase. Oh.
Jen: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, it's so interesting how, you know, even though we know so much about how to communicate and we're in, and it doesn't matter. It just goes out the window.
Gwenevere Abriel: So do you want to know from an outsider.
Jen: We have
Gwenevere Abriel: A beat that you missed
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm. Notice how you're you're being the almost the therapist in it, like, like you need to extract this you're working so hard, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that's what you found you found that skill, right, because you do it all day extract it extract it, but you're not the therapist there what you are. I'm guessing it's something like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel undervalued unloved and unimportant and like, like those the same as the way you view these these ignorant people like I'm stupid and it hurts. Now I don't know if that was the intent, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I found salted now it's the I feel they got missed so I was listening to listening to you, right, you were getting him to do it. You wanted him to do it you say what your intention was right.
Jen: Right. No, you're totally right. Yeah.
Jen: Cuz like then eventually, then I got there, but I was upset. So I was like,
Jen: It hurts my feelings. It hurts my feelings when you say that like it hurt. And then, then it was just like he, like, all I wanted him to do was soften and say okay by me that like
Gwenevere Abriel: I taught in that group.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not in that group. Like, that's why I can say that to you because it's good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah but
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I got it I with you.
Jen: So instead I got up and I like yell, scream so ferociously like just like it was like it was like the yelling was coming out of my pores.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Jen: It was. And I was like, You are the shiniest partner.
Jen: Oh, I do everything I do. Fucking everything I have the cannabis card I make sure that you have, we just spoke I do the grocery shopping I make sure everything shocked I cook. Make sure it was
Jen: It was just like I was vibrating with such intensity and then I like what did you the living room. I just sat there.
Jen: Just like catching my breath. And then he came out and like a hat and scarf and ago it was like I am gonna go and I broke down sobbing and was like, Please don't go. That is not what I wanted. And I
am so sorry.
Was ugly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so then it took all of that when our value of ourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I'm valued like you look at this man and you see his values, right. It's so strong around this political accurate and
Gwenevere Abriel: Again and again there's evidence right he puts people in this kind of dumb ass category. And then there's these and right there. Is that right, and I want to be in that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and something about you, you, you look like you lost your own value of yourself as if that tolerance of him not valuing you and look what you did. You went on a dissertation about your No you didn't. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jen: dissertation about way value.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he's like, I don't know what you're doing because he doesn't see you as an invaluable and that was you I think definitely not being able to just go
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, and, and for some reason I'm thinking the right it's that phrasing it the meaning and making out of
Gwenevere Abriel: First time here is that I just thought lumped in the dumb ass pile and I today. Today, I want you to see me as this.
Gwenevere Abriel: smart intelligent politically savvy woman and that phrase somehow does that what you meant, right, look how much faster that might have gone if you could have sat with it, you know. Yeah.
Jen: Well, and it was interesting because like
Jen: I feel like over the weekend, like when things would come up that would trigger that feeling of me.
Jen: I would say that. Uh huh. And
Jen: It was interesting because he got to a place where you said, you know, the truth is, sometimes I
Jen: Do want to punish you feel frustrated with you and I do say it mean on purpose and
Jen: I was like okay like. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Man.
Jen: I was like, I felt like
Jen: Really validating it like that must have taken like a lot to say. And thank you. Yeah.
Jen: Do that, in the future, like me.
Jen: But then I said, I realize now that what happens is that when I tell you that you said something and it sounded pretentious or condescending, or when I tell you that. It hurt my feelings.
Jen: And whatever response you have for some reason doesn't communicate to me that you care that you love me. That's right. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk about enough
Jen: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you get him to the point where, first of all, do you know what would feel like love at that moment. And did you ask for it. Is he willing to do it. How far did that get
Jen: So yeah, so that's when I was like what I need from you is for you to be able to like drop whatever like
Jen: Frustration or anything to just make sure that you that I know that that isn't what you're trying to do that. You're not trying to make me feel bad that you don't want me to feel bad and like so. Can you like
Jen: soften your body language. Can you like hug me. Can you hold. Take my hand and look into my eyes. I'm like, can there be like a physical touch. And then, can there be a softening of tone in your voice. Yeah.
Jen: And what you like.
Gwenevere Abriel: What he said he will. He was like, I will try.
Jen: But I can't promise that I will fuck up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did he say what would be difficult for him in those moments. Does he know I get in the way. What might get in the way.
Jen: He says that it's so hard for him in the moment to let go of whatever transgression. He feels has transpired and that
Jen: It feels inauthentic.
Jen: To
Jen: Like give me a physical touch or do these things or soften his tone. If he doesn't want to
Jen: And that was really difficult.
Jen: For me, because I was like
Jen: Can you do it in like 10 minutes
Jen: Like, can we take a 10 minute break and we'll time it and then we'll come back and see if you could do it then, like, because I can understand
Jen: That you might not be able to just like
Jen: turn on a dime and like, give me the exact like response that I want.
Jen: But
Jen: Just in the interest of kindness.
Jen: That's all that I
Jen: Leading from you in that moment. And so even if it's like, Can you do a meditation on hiatus for five to 10 minutes and then we can revisit it
Jen: And he said he would try
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so this is know
Jen: That. See how it goes. Yeah.
Jen: And
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you also offer an alternative
Gwenevere Abriel: Because what you're asking for this physical
Jen: Stuff. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be harder. Harder to overcome. Yeah, then getting a recipe of just using
Gwenevere Abriel: I can write mirror you and I can actually validate what you're saying you're not a crazy person. It makes sense. You would have come to this conclusion into this emotional reaction. I actually, I do understand it and let me show you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he explains it because the nice thing about certainly the way I explained mirroring and validation is you don't have to agree with the person what it's saying is I'm just this mirror is showing back. I heard you. I'm not going to defend my position or stack up all my arguments.
Gwenevere Abriel: About how you're wrong and crazy and not valuable, it's just
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, really being present with what you're saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's quite what you want, but
You know,
Jen: I love the way that you put that
Jen: As far as like mirroring
Jen: Because it doesn't have to be that you agree.
Jen: That like I feel like that just opened up so much for me in so many ways.
Jen: Probably will for him to
Gwenevere Abriel: It gives people permission. Right, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I status and mirroring and then later on validation right away or things I teach because it immediately hugely changes the landscape.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, this, this means off because a mirror doesn't Sam up or net doesn't say I have really long lashes. It just tells me you got a bunch of makeup on. You know, highlighted hair.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, so like it or not, there it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's these neat there's these neat phrases, I guess, over the years, I've come to do it. Maybe everybody does it that way, as I say,
Gwenevere Abriel: The mirroring person right we get it in our head.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to show this person. I'm listening. Yeah, I can listen that much I can do. I'm not going to let her know
Gwenevere Abriel: I agree with her. I'm not going to portray my own experience, right, if they can kind of see themselves as what this is doing is it's a both and flooding this person know
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going through something important and big. And I can, I can hear it and let you know I can let it in and you're not alone in this emotional experience.
Jen: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the phrasing is
Gwenevere Abriel: You know we mirror. We say, Did, did I get that right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and then, you know, is there more so that would give him a some structure and real solid pieces to have structure and know what to say. If the hug is impossible because you know I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I imagined I think this comes out of the Mongo stuff that I I don't even remember where I learned things anymore. But I think it's probably from the Mongo.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: If that physical context. Not possible maybe having some way to communicate it, you know, verbally. Well, let me let me at least let you know what I heard you say, what's your concern is
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I'm hearing you say is, and that's the phrasing. What I'm hearing you say is this. Did I get that right, and just even that because if they use the wrong word.
Gwenevere Abriel: That will be wrong. It will feel wrong if they use the wrong emotion word especially um it's going to throw you off. You'll say, Well, actually it was it was irritation. Okay. It was irritation.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did I get that right. Yes. Is there more sometimes they're literally isn't and you can find your way back to self validating where
Gwenevere Abriel: Those seconds before. So you lost yourself into this external validation need and and just hearing someone let you know you're not alone in this can can be enough sometimes. Absolutely. And I wonder, does he ever say
Gwenevere Abriel: It does he ever identified because I don't know how you present if if anger is an aspect when you're sharing your vulnerability. Does he ever say it's hard to do that because there's there's anger present or he perceives anger. Does he ever say anything like that.
Jen: Um, no.
It's not an issue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because if you're vulnerable and saying, if you do your part. Let's say you were able to tap in instead of because we showed up with was
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, the armor to protect the underbelly, and so he sees that maybe he's thinking, well, she's going to be asking me to do this. And what I'm going to see is rage.
Gwenevere Abriel: resentment and anger, but the gift. Here, the agreement if you're amenable is I'm going to do my part, I'm not going to blame me for my feelings. I'm going to say I feel insulted less than whatever your truth is right. And when you say that and and unimportant to you and
Gwenevere Abriel: Sad yeah feared that you won't love me that I'm going to be letting you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: That right when you're owning your own feelings. He doesn't have to guard up he doesn't have to then brace himself and and when we're being attacked. It's really hard to give someone that space of holding tanning and listening.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you did your part, then maybe he'd be able to do that mirroring. I don't know.
Jen: No, I love that.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's it has felt and looked like magic.
Jen: Lately,
Gwenevere Abriel: Because in the end, don't y'all end up talking about what motivated us to begin with. He didn't have talking about the feelings and that's what motivates us. You had a threat response. There was no danger, and so he was like, I don't know what is going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I don't understand you are ru perceived some serious threat there. Yeah.
God
Jen: Well, it's because I do that like
I was
Jen: Well, and I was the thing too is that we had the flu like it was it was such a like, Oh, God. There were so many things going on, like, because I it was the end of the week after I got back from New York.
Jen: I was totally exhausted Joshua got the flu Thursday and stayed home and I felt it. Come on Friday morning, but I, there was no way I could miss work. I like I had nine clients. I had a like I do, I had to go like it just wasn't an option when I say that I look back and I know that it was
Jen: But I did not want to go without money.
Jen: So it wasn't so it really pushed myself and by the end of that day I was just
Jen: Okay, like I was so physically exhausted and ill, and then I also had helped you know nine people process their shit that day.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's the whole that's that real basic stuff. And I don't mean to simplify it, but it's really a truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's so true. My okay I'm taxed. I am spent I'm not good company. I'm probably going to be, you know, on my land needed nerve endings today and I apologizing in advance, you know, that's right, and you're about to head into five weeks of it so
Gwenevere Abriel: They I think now I want to throw something out. I am working with a few people in this program thought I throw it out to you yeah doing couples work.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm I've actually met when I have visited Santa Fe and in Albuquerque and have done been able to. It's kind of cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool. I know. But if you wanted to. If you wanted to take the pressure off of you. I could go over and instruct and teach you know two or three sessions or one you wanted
Gwenevere Abriel: On I statements and you guys are so you're so smart. So, you know, savvy probably wouldn't take very long. And then the mirroring. And then, then it's not you being therapist, then it's neat in therapist and
Gwenevere Abriel: Get him.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean, if you want to tell you
Jen: That if we could work out a time that would work.
Jen: It like do you do you do anything like it later.
Jen: Like because I imagine, let's family time
Gwenevere Abriel: In there are a lot. There's a lot of obligations later I have noticed. So one is to winter his days when he is actually home what times of the day and days.
Jen: So he is he leaves the house at 7:30am and he's home around 5:30pm Monday through Friday. And then all day Saturday, Sunday, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I say you work on Saturdays, though. No. Okay, so I have been seeing people, most recently.
Gwenevere Abriel: On on Saturday. So I saw some I think for people last Saturday.
Jen: Oh my god.
Gwenevere Abriel: I now, but I will be forever because at some point, I'll say, Okay, I got to have this back but
Jen: Understand. Well, can I talk to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely. You just let me know what you want and throwing it out there.
Jen: I really appreciate that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got
Jen: It. Yeah, I know that he has the idea has
Threatened to have in the past like he doesn't like the idea of going to therapy.
Jen: And I have
Jen: wanted him encouraged him for years and to his credit, he is pretty good about like reading and like incorporating his own coping skills, etc. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe selling it a little differently. This is not like all forever.
Jen: Today,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is I'll always, always be yours. I'll always no matter what the bias towards you. I can never be your, your couples therapist. That's an impossibility.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I also have this really good capacity for objectivity. And so what you could sell this this idea of
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey sweetheart. I don't know if you've noticed, but I'm going through a lot of changes and this would give you an opportunity
Gwenevere Abriel: To kind of talk to me about it if you wanted to, but ultimately what what one of yours offering is this this very precise.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really structured way of communicating and it's around owning our own feeling and it's it's very precise and it might actually mitigate the length
Gwenevere Abriel: The negative intensity of our arguing and we might be able to really enjoy talking a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Easier those arguments won't last as long and what she could do is, she'll just teach it to us. She won't be going into content. There's no analysis. That's what I've been doing. I say you guys could talk about a bullet vs. Food processor a benign.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't care what I'm you know what showers are better than bad as that's going to be your content, don't care, you can learn this skill now and you because this is yours forever go use it.
Gwenevere Abriel: This would just be me teaching a skill, where you're not having to both be you know lover partner, your wife, and then therapist to
Gwenevere Abriel: And it will empower him because you know you have all this knowledge. And wouldn't it be nice for him to know kind of how to communicate with you because you have this grasp on all this communication and you know insight, etc.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you can sell it more like, you know, we're thinking, this might be a neutral place to add
Jen: Perfect, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not therapy not therapy. I wouldn't use the word of the
Jen: Day. Is it like I think that like like she, it would be helpful for her to teach us some techniques. Yeah, just first
Station.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the other thing I was thinking about, we went into this this other discussion is I was thinking about back to the food. I was thinking about. Are you comfortable at all with crock pot.
Jen: Oh, that's so funny. I because I was gonna say I crockpot is like my we call it our wife.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. Okay, so
Jen: Yes, oh my god, I love crockpot I have like one of my favorite ones that I do a lot is, it's just boneless, skinless chicken breasts and on a bed of, like, who's sorry. Oh, what does he want. Um, and then a can of mushroom soup cans of chicken soup.
Jen: Uh, and then I kind of like, we'll just throw in whatever like frozen worries. I have, um, and then or sometimes I'll wait to like the last hour and I'll put like broccoli, because if you put broccoli at the beginning, it's bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's almost like you're making a chicken Stroganoff
Gwenevere Abriel: The most fun stuff. I wonder. Oh, that's me.
Jen: Oh god, I love it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you've already got that. So it being a fun a fun thing and and really seeing it as self care really seeing it as
Gwenevere Abriel: It does take it does take effort, but if you can sort of say, I'm worth it. I'm worth this investment right in preparing for these weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because, right, from my perspective, I don't want temptation. I don't want this idea of I'm overwhelmed. I'm so and now slips in that old I deserve stuff. I, I just want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep an eye on it.
Jen: I agree. Well, and especially because the vortex is the name of the theater where I'm directing and I've done a lot of shows there and it's very close to this water burger and
Jen: So I end up playing being like, I will just grab water burger. And granted, I always try to get they have a really nice like grilled chicken wrap
Jen: And then I'll get like a small fry. But still, like, I really want to avoid that. Yeah. And so, uh, yeah, I'm excited to see how this meal prep goes excited to like find new recipes, um, because I like to experiment with that I'm probably going to start with chili.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was about to say chili. I've done both chili some white been waiting with checking in. And then also, I'm regular Chile and I've to give away from some of the red meat. I've been using because of Costco. Right. So they have this ground turkey and it covers up the yucky taste.
Jen: I actually, it's funny because I was raised on ground turkey, like with that Turkey tacos like turkey enchiladas turkey burgers and so I prefer it.
Jen: Oh, good. I'm actually, I'm fairly addicted to pull tree like the amount of, like, I just want to check in, like poultry chicken. So yeah, I definitely have gotten over turkey. Now, I really don't like turkey very much but I like chicken chicken.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I like it because it's important at me and you can't taste it in Chile.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we've covered that I'm talk to you to do. Okay, this is we weren't gonna
Jen: Just one second. I need to get my charger or my laptop.
Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I see it's about time to review goals. So maybe I can make a couple little statements here. Yeah, I see. I'd like to not eat refined sugar, one out of seven days a week. How are you out with that.
I am doing well.
Jen: I still have
Jen: Days that I have more sugar than I should. But
Jen: Excuse me. Um,
Jen: It is less than it used to be. And I always have. I've got basically my husband has gotten on board. He just does what I do.
Jen: But Sundays are just no sugar days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Jen: So I just focus on that has to be. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's your one day.
Jen: It is totally you're doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long have you been doing this Sunday's no sugar day
I'm
Jen: The fourth will be the Oscars. So three so far. Oh, three weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, cool. All right, for you because we didn't say how long, you'd be doing it. It was just whether you could do it all in is in and of itself.
Gwenevere Abriel: is reached. Yes. You want to set another one, or do you want it more to be about the duration of doing this particular goal.
Jen: Yes, let's do duration, I would like to
Jen: Let's say, so we've been doing for three weeks. Can we say for five more weeks. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and then quick little statement on i'd like to increase the number of days I exercise from zero days one day a week 30 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: For four weeks where yeah
Jen: Definitely completed.
Ah,
All
Right. That will say achieved.
To
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me just make a little note. Yeah, you had gone to Palantir class I talked about Nia with you last time. And so just let me write a little note about what you've been doing so we can have it the most up to date, what you've been doing
Jen: Just walking
Jen: I got back into the walking after the cold front kind of went away.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many days a week.
Jen: I'm actually at least two. There was one week that I did three was that last week.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you want you wanted was 30 minutes. How did that actually get there.
Jen: Yes, but it's only 30 minutes one day a week. The other one or two. It has been less. But one day, week I always get to at least 30 or 31
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it. All right, and will will close that one because you do. Okay. They want you to, is it one day a week.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: This cut
My achieved.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see, I would like to increase my tolerance for pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk on the ninth hour. This is the note on the night report stomach pain makes connection to interpersonal stress and gut distress. Yeah. So I'd like to increase my tolerance for pain because this is a very subjective reporting so heavily, you're going to have to tell me
Jen: It's so true.
Jen: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Tolerance
Jen: As far as the tolerance is concerned, um, I think that the
Jen: Good. I know that.
Jen: Through I'm tolerating the pain like just doing that or like choosing movement as opposed to taking something
Jen: Whether it be pill or cannabis or what have you. I'm
Jen: Choosing movement.
Jen: Change changed the way I feel like I relate to my body and my pain.
Jen: And so
Jen: Um, I have increased my tolerance for pain.
Jen: In doing so, I feel like
Jen: Either my pain has reduced or my understanding of it is different. I'm so sorry I'm like blob of like
Gwenevere Abriel: What i know i mean how would probably know the difference. Right.
Jen: Yeah, totally.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, let's take a real close look i'd like to increase my tolerance for pain increase. We didn't have a measurement because it was I didn't do this sort of scale thing. So it's a little hard to see if it happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can close that if you want an open one that is more relevant for you. So check in with have I increase my tolerance or equivalent my pain has gone down if you breach that then we can say achieved and we can create a new goal. What do you want to do.
Jen: That's what I would like to do, let's do it cool. It's cool. I really like the top you're wearing. I don't know if it's a dress or a shirt, but I really
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Know. Cool. Thank you. Okay, so today in section.
Say this
Gwenevere Abriel: Sound out. What do you, what do you what goal. Take your time on this because this time I'll do see if I can find a way to catch you some sort of number two, to be able to sort of measure a little bit, but what do you want to do more of what do you want to do less of
Jen: Um,
Jen: I'm so sorry.
Jen: Does it do you feel like it needs to be around pain tolerance or can this be anything
Jen: Anything. Oh, okay. Yes. Um, I would like to increase the
Jen: Amount of intentional meal prep or a intentional eating I'm
Jen: From zero days a week.
Jen: To two days a week.
Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everybody can do that.
Jen: People goals I
Gwenevere Abriel: Medicaid training you know my just stuck with me.
Absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I like things in quotes. So that's your goal. And that's actually what the objectives going to be, I think, because you fruit in it so beautifully true. That is the engine. So I'm guessing you know in your own wording is it something like and then you tell me what the truth is.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to eat more intentionally I want to eat healthier somewhere in there like a little bit like a broad broader stroke of a goal.
Jen: Thinking, I want to eat more intentionally really, I feel like the word intention and the idea of intention has been really stick with me lately.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a nice word in conscious unconscious yeah I'm conscious like because sometimes will be eating, you're like, I don't even know what have I been doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah, yeah. So we will purchase to increase, which is to increase
Gwenevere Abriel: Make that an eye increase
Gwenevere Abriel: Meal Prep from zero days a week to two days a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Any number of meals.
Jen: Yes. Yeah, I'm having trouble with how to quantify this because I'm kind of coming up with a plan in my head like, I want to make like overnight steel cut oats and like put those a little Tupperware is for like morning breakfast and I compare that with like a fresh piece of fruit.
Jen: Yeah. And then I'm for lunch. I can do the salad jar and
Jen: I can put like a cheese stick on the side or something like that. If I need and then for dinner. Those can be crockpot plans and I can probably do like a crock pot like every two days and we could just eat the leftovers from the crockpot from the night before.
Jen: So I think that
Jen: Like I feel like I could probably be more like, you know, five days a week or
Jen: Four days a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Angie, we're going to go get Tupperware
Jen: Yes Tupperware and and four days a week of intentional meal planning. I'm beautiful. Yes, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: For us, if there's anything else reliant ok so
Gwenevere Abriel: The
Gwenevere Abriel: Substance Use one, I would like to decrease my tendency again only you can measure that.
Gwenevere Abriel: To rely on drugs to solve my problems. Now, you use the word drugs, but
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be a lot of other behaviors compulsive behaviors, whether its food or sleeping or you know whatever the thing
Gwenevere Abriel: So in your, in your own assessment. Have you been leaning towards relying on a solution outside yourself or leaning on solution.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you have the answer whether it's meditation is exercise might be some mindful intentional practice.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're addressing the core problem. You've got the solution or drugs now maybe you'll rely on maybe healthier, more sustainable solutions have you been doing it as a tendency. Have you been decreasing your tendency to rely on substances, yes.
Jen: Yes, I'm
Jen: Both through the physical activity, um,
Jen: Well, I guess it
Jen: I'm not sure how to do because the vitamins are really making a huge difference.
Jen: And I know that those aren't
Jen: Like they're not. I want to say they're different from drugs.
Gwenevere Abriel: mind altering they're not mood altering they
Gwenevere Abriel: Are good
Jen: They are, yes.
Jen: It was a dumb question. Thank you for your day.
Jen: Have a but I think that that's like intention intentional like a really with every
Jen: Thing that I say and do I really want to be thinking about it.
Jen: Intentionally
Jen: So yeah, um,
Jen: I have met that goal, or at least. Yeah, because I've decreased it it is definitely less than it used to be.
I think so too.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what are you left with as far as how often you have been reaching to, I'm assuming, things like marijuana or alcohol. I like to put food in there if we could you didn't identify when you originally wrote this or said it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at your own week just look at the last couple weeks just scan it and see where right you reached for those things for a quick solution. A quick escape. Yeah, but the underlying distress remained and it really but you did reach for how many times a week.
Jen: Definitely at least six
Gwenevere Abriel: Six days a week. Yes.
Yeah.
Jen: And like, um,
Jen: I think what's different is that I usually like what's different now is that I will do something else first
Jen: I'm like, I'll drink a glass of water, I'll eat something all move. Um, I'll stretch, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: And then are you talking about ingesting marijuana
Jen: Yeah. And then, um,
Jen: It's either marijuana or
Jen: Like my sciatica has been really awful lately and so Gabba Penton I'm using that to help with the nerve pain. Um, and then Advil
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you may want to cut yourself a break with the Gabba pen and the Advil not mood altering
Jen: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't give a euphoric effect. So I don't think they create this escape.
Jen: Oh, definitely not. Okay. Yeah, right, not escape. Well, and that's the thing, too, with the cannabis. It isn't really to get high. Um, it was to treat pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Media oil or does it have THC and
Jen: Definitely has THC. I just say because I take pretty high.
Jen: Edible doses, um,
Jen: Depending on how much I take and how much pain. I am I don't feel euphoria.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's revisit this remember one of the warnings, you gave me when we first met was, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't even know how you said it anymore.
Jen: Oh yeah, something felt like I'm sneaky and like I yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Be careful of me right. I'm very, you know, I've got this
Gwenevere Abriel: I can say one thing, but there's a deeper truth to something maybe that might be what's going on. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this one, I would like to decrease the tendency to rely on drugs to solve my problems is at the heart of why you're here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't, I don't want to let it go just yet. Totally. So I guess I'm feeling a little bit like maybe we could revisit it again. Let's keep looking at it and maybe sharpen how to and that might
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold you accountable if we get rid of words like tendency and make it more measurable. You may not be ready for that you might find yourself going, No, I still like that wiggle room. I still want to be able to
Gwenevere Abriel: To wiggle around yeah it out there because we've developed some rapport. We've developed some trust. I'm thinking. So now I'm pushing a little harder.
Jen: No, absolutely. Well, and even as you just said that I was thinking about like that. That wasn't the question that was asked, um, it was like, Have you reached for it to feel. Hi, um,
Jen: And so I feel like when I look at that over the last two weeks, the amount of times that I have done that.
Jen: And actually follow through with it.
We've been three times. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, what would feel like progress because I remember it was a decrease it was I think it's coming back to me, hey you know I'm in this program and
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I'm not sure I want to cut this out all together. I just want to decrease delicious. Look, let's look at days of the week. Why don't we just look at that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would decrease. What would be a number that meets your goal. How many days a week reaches your goal that you'd be ingesting THC or alcohol.
Jen: I'm at all, or to feel euphoria.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, to solve my problems. Okay.
Jen: Well,
Jen: I don't think that I want to. Well, I think at this point. I don't want to
Jen: Decrease it to
Jen: Eddie day. It's like, I don't want to, I want to be able to have it daily. If I choose
Gwenevere Abriel: To solve your problems.
Jen: All right, to solve my problems. Thank you.
Jen: Jen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice, you're on, just notice what's happening just pay close attention to how you're feeling. If you're having a threat response if your body's having a moment where there's something important going on. Yeah.
Jen: Yeah, I would like to get to a point where I never use it to solve my problems.
Jen: But we'll get to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. There it is.
Jen: But for right now. Um, I would like to do it, let's say, five days a week, as opposed to step up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you move very quickly. And I wanted to real quick. Get behind what was it like to say that out loud. Before you digressed
Gwenevere Abriel: What was it like to say what you just said before you went to second part.
A
Gwenevere Abriel: Repeat the big goal.
Jen: Right, I would like to get to a point where I never use THC to solve my problems.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now how do you feel in your body, saying that out loud.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very strong you do do
Jen: Like, I feel very
Jen: Well maybe shaky still strong
Gwenevere Abriel: No idea. That's great. Shaky stoic
Jen: Like it's it's a
Jen: It's a knowledge that I can and surprise and shock that I know that now.
Jen: Sorry, I realized that were like
Jen: Over time. And so for us, the purpose of us like I've got to get out of here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right there. Just, just just let's end today with just gently going to acknowledging where you've come from.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there was a little bit right at the end to make sure you heard, I'm not committing to it. And I heard that second part two, but just sit with having entered it having said it out into the universe at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, versus the word tendency which is more of that warning that you are giving me that I'm slick. I'm going to do this thing. But to say I would like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So compare that.
Gwenevere Abriel: To kind of who you were, how you were when you first came in here just sort of split screen it and see. Here's Jen saying that out loud.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then this how she was when she came into the program and see if it looks exactly the same. It looks different.
It looks different.
Gwenevere Abriel: You like what you see
It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: We can end on that note, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you've already got that invitation out there, you're already kind of thinking about food prep. Yeah, thinking about maybe threw out some of these communication skills that I'd love to to do with the both of you, if you wanted to just to take the pressure off of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can feel what it's like to be supported at the same time right as your sweetheart.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's out there. Um, so when you want to meet again, it's good to have another book so no one takes absolutely
Jen: Just a 20th at nine work. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds good. Then I will see you then. Do you need any medication or everything is all hooked up.
Gwenevere Abriel: They do actually
Gwenevere Abriel: And right now, you have remind me people move around a lot. You still have brielle or all of them.
Jen: Are real
Jen: Which are brielle god, I can say Gabriel this whole time.
Gwenevere Abriel: More depends on the day. I, I do sometimes she does a, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dishes name anyway. Her name Smith.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's an old hippie.
Gwenevere Abriel: My thanks
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so dogs.
Jen: And then I'll be a group on Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you need anything, but the size of your printer thing thinking of your supply of Gabba Penton and if there's quantity and and anything else. Nope.
Jen: We're good on everything she
Gwenevere Abriel: Will be in group Monday. Yeah. Okay. All right. I will see you then.
Jen: Have a good day.